   Parameter	|  Description											
----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
container		| ID of the HTML element the Widget should be appended to. Indicates where the Widget should appear in the page.
count			| The maximum number of headlines that will be displayed in the content area.
daysrange		| If using the querystring parameter to provide the search expression, specifies the number of days to search back from the current date.  For example, specifying "5" will search with a date range between now and five days ago.  Do not use this parameter with the startdate and enddate parameters.
duplicationmode	| Sometimes the same article is published by several content providers.  Use the duplicationmode parameter to specify if duplicate articles should be returned in a search request. Allowed values are "on" and "off" (default). 
enddate			| If using the querystring parameter to provide the search expression, the enddate defines the date from which to end the search.  Use this date format: MM/DD/YYYY.
id				| Unique identifier for this Widget.  This is added to the web page as an HTML element and must be unique
languagecode	| If using the querystring parameter to provide the search expression, specifies the languages to search against.  More than one language can be specified by using the pipe (&#x7c;) delimiter.  A full list of supported language codes is documented <a href="http://www.factiva.com/cp_developer/Producthelp/djif/webhelp/Supported_Languages.htm" target="_blank" class="external">here</a>.
refresh			| Specifies, in seconds, the interval that the Widget should retrieve new headlines.
searchmode		| If using the querystring parameter to provide the search expression, indicates the search mode to use.  Possible values are <a target="_blank" class="external" href="http://www.factiva.com/cp_developer/Producthelp/djif/webhelp/searching/simple_search_mode.htm"> simple</a> and <a target="_blank" class="external" href="http://www.factiva.com/cp_developer/Producthelp/djif/webhelp/searching/traditional_search_mode.htm"> traditional</a>.
snippettype		| If using the querystring parameter to provide the search expression, specifies how the snippet for each article is created. Allowed values are: <ul class="params"> <li><span>fixed</span> typically the first or lead paragraph from the article.</li> <li><span>Contextual</span> The default value.  Uses the sentence or paragraph that matches the specified search expression.</li> </ul>
sortby			| Specifies the criteria by which to sort the headlines. Allowed values are: <ul class="params"> <li>Relevance (default)</li> <li>DisplayDateTime</li> <li>ArrivalTime</li> </ul>
sortorder		| The order in which to sort the headlines, used with the "sortby" parameter.   Allowed values are: <ul class="params"> <li><span>a</span> ascending (default)</li> <li><span>d</span> descending</li> </ul>
sourcegenre		| Specifies the type of content to query against, such as publications, video, audio, etc.  A full list of values is available <a href="http://www.factiva.com/cp_developer/Producthelp/djif/webhelp/Source_Genres.htm" target="_blank" class="external">here</a>.
sourcetype		| Specifies the type of criteria that will be used to populate this Widget.  This parameter is used with the sourcevalue parameter to retrieve content to power this Widget.  Allowed values are: <ul class="params"> <li><span>alertid</span>The Widget will use an alert ID to retrieve content.</li> <li><span>article</span>The Widget will use an article ID to retrieve content.</li> <li><span>collectionname</span>The Widget will use the name of an editorially curated collection of articles.  To find the full list of available collections please contact your account representative.</li> <li><span>querystring</span>The Widget will use a search expression to retrieve content. Uses the Factiva Query Language, which is documented <a href="http://www.factiva.com/cp_developer/Producthelp/djif/webhelp/Searching/Searching_Dow_Jones_Web_Services.htm" target="_blank" class="external">here</a>.</li> </ul>
sourcevalue		| Specifies the criteria to retrieve content to populate the Widget. This parameter is used with the sourcetype parameter to specify how content is retrieved to power this Widget.
startdate		| If using the querystring parameter to provide the search expression, the startdate defines the date from which to start the search.  Use this date format: MM/DD/YYYY.
view			| ID of the HTML element encapsulating the custom view for the Widget